OAuth: add docs for disableAutoLogin param (#38752)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/overview.md

oauth_auto_login = true
```

> ### Avoid OAuth login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Avoid automatic OAuth login
```

oauth_auto_login = true
```

> If you want to skip automatic OAuth login and sign in with a username and password, then add the `disableAutoLogin` parameter to the login URL. This disables signing in with OAuth.
> 
> Example: `grafana.example.com/login?disableAutoLogin` or `grafana.example.com/login?disableAutoLogin=true`
> 
> > **Note:** `disableAutoLogin` parameter is available in Grafana 7.4+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Avoid OAuth login

To sign in with a username and password and avoid automatic OAuth login, add the `disableAutoLogin` parameter to your login URL. 

For example:  `grafana.example.com/login?disableAutoLogin` or `grafana.example.com/login?disableAutoLogin=true`
```

Reviewer: We do not need the note, as it is for an older version.
